see you buddy
hey hey MA longer good look I want you
to come work with us why don't you come
down with me tomorrow I'll talk to Frank
about it
sky's the limit
you know we do here your nephew so well
I could help you long Willy
were you talking a lot of money about
what is it you do for this guy we got
people behind us
you find out what they like and you make
it happen for them you want something
for the wife or the girlfriend get him a
nice firm if only ones cash there's
always plenty of that you know I can't
get into no trouble you know that you
won't get a trial leg in a trouble all
right you and me'll go inside
this could be devastating for us would
you be willing to testify under oath in
front of the committee well you know
what we never do that
Madame ridings lined up getting office
into trouble maybe you should think
about getting him before they do make
sure you don't turn up I'll go talk to
him
it's way past our pillow are you doing
here want to get caught take my momma
down to the neighbors right now
Oh